>> Marcy Sutton: We looked at the Chrome
accessibility inspector a little bit, and
that accessibility information.
So, every webpage has the document
object model, which has lots
of information about what's on your page
that can be useful for accessibility.
There's also this structure
called the accessibility tree,
that is created with accessibility APIs,
so that screen readers
have kind of streamlined interface for
accessibility information.
And so, a lot of the things that
we do with HTML and CSS, and
JavaScript, can impact this structure.
And I have a screenshot from
Chrome://accessibility,
make sure that still works.
So I think they want you to turn it on for
each tab,
because it can be kind
of a performance hit.
So, if I look at, so accessibility
internal, this is an internal,
that's this page.
And if we look at our,
I can look at any webpage, and
this is just like a raw version
of the accessibility tree,
I think now we have tools like
the Chrome DevTools inspector.
It's just good to know that these exists,
and we're not gonna go super
deep into the accessibility tree,
I just want you to know that it's a thing.
That it's a parallel structure to the DOM,
and it uses platform accessibility API.
So if you're on a Mac,
there's accessibility APIs there, there's
different APIs on Windows, and it's
just helpful to know that this exists.
Because, when we go visualize things
with the browser DevTools, like we saw,
semantic markup and your CSS can
impact that accessibility tree.
So that's why I say it's really
helpful to render webpages so
that you're not just
looking at the raw HTML.
You wanna see how CSS and
your scripting can actually
impact this accessibility tree.
So in the screenshot I
have it sort of meta,
this image of the inspector that we're
looking at right now, I've changed
it to be display none in my DevTools, and
then I took a screenshot of the DevTools.
So it's like the same
image we're looking at.
But when you put display none on that,
like we saw on the DevTools accessibility
inspector, it doesn't render it and
it hides its accessibility information.
So now that we have this tree inspector,
you can just look at it here,
it's amazing.
We did not have those when I got started,
so
I would highly recommend
checking out this tool.